In the last lesson we have displayed all answers
in the show question page.
Now in this lesson we are going to add something that very useful in question answer application that
is vote control which allows us to vote the question or answer. In this lesson will also integrate font awesome
5 into our project and write some sass code again
to style our vote control. Actually implementing the vote control or make the vote control actually
work is tricky and it's not enough to discussing one lesson.
So in this lesson we'll only build the mark up and then style it.
And we will implement all functionality of the vote control system in the other section of this course.
All right let's switch to our terminal
and then create new branch saying git check out
-b and here I'll call it lesson-16.
Now let's open
show.blade.php
and before going any further let's make a little changes to this markup.
So here is last change this card-header to card-title.
And then here let's change this card-body to media
then we need to wrap everything inside this media
with media body.
And lastly we need to wrap both card title
and media with card-body
save.
And let's see
OK great.
I only need to add horizontal rule here
OK.
Now here we'll place the vote control on the left side of both question body and answer item as you may
saw in stackoverflow. Here I'll be adding it
on the left side of the question
body first and once it done I'll copy it and adding
on the left side of the answer item.
So here inside media object let's add a new div
and give classes d-flex column.
So actually this is almost the same as we did in question
Index. We utilize bootstrap flexbox and then we'll add flex column to set vertical direction or put
the item inside in stack. And here we'll also add another class
so that we can select this element and
child element inside it.
So here let's call it foot controls.
Inside here let's add a new anchor
And here we can specify title attribute and saying
"This question is useful".
Let's also specify class attribute
and the value will be vote up
inside this anchor We will show triangle icon
by utilizing frontawesome 5.
But since it hasn't installed yet so for now let's just say "vote up"
below that let's show the number of votes
and we'll place it in a span
Let's give it a class votes count and give it
a static number for a while.
Next we'll also need to add another anchor that allows us to vote down the question.
So anchor title and saying "This question is not useful".
Let's also give it a class vote-down. Actually
let's add another class off to indicate that the button is off.
For example if a user has not sign in this class would be applied to indicate that he or she can't hit
the button.
Basically this class can be applied to
vote up, vote down and favorite
button. For now I'll only put it just here.
OK
The text will be vote down.
Last
let's also add another anchor that allows us to mark the question as favorite so anchor title and we are
going to say "Click to mark as favorite question
click again to undo".
Here I'll give it a class favorite
the text will be favorite for now.
And here we also need to show how many people that favorite
this question. Here I'll place it in a span
and let's give it a class favorites-count
Let's say one two three.
All right
let's save all changes and see how it looked like.
Now
here we have vote controls on the left side of the question.
We still need to do a couple of things to make this controls look better but I think this is a good
progress.